feat(rulebooks): add Hello World Attestation (≤24h) with schema and examples (#2)
webuild-consortium/wp4-qtsp-group: docs/qeaa/README.md

Participants of the QTSP group may issue QEAA under any of the schemes referenced below.

> - **Hello World Rulebook**: The [Hello World Attestation (HWA) Rulebook](rb0xx_hello_world_attestation.md) defines a minimal, non-qualified Electronic Attestation of Attributes (EAA) for baseline interoperability testing in EUDI Wallet implementations. It is designed for onboarding, demonstration, and testing, with no production-trust value and no source verification required. The HWA includes a single fixed attribute (`message: "Hello World!"`) and the mandatory `attestation_legal_category: "non-qualified-EAA"`. It supports three encodings: ISO/IEC 18013-5 (mdoc), SD-JWT VC, and W3C VCDM v2.0 (JSON-LD VC). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Hello World Rulebook**: The [Hello World Attestation (HWA) Rulebook](rb0xx_hello_world_attestation.md) defines a minimal, Qualified Electronic Attestation of Attributes (QEAA) for baseline interoperability testing in EUDI Wallet implementations. It is designed for onboarding, demonstration, and testing, with no production-trust value and no source verification required. The HWA includes a single fixed attribute (`message: "Hello World!"`) and the mandatory `attestation_legal_category: "QEAA"`. It supports three encodings: ISO/IEC 18013-5 (mdoc), SD-JWT VC, and W3C VCDM v2.0 (JSON-LD VC). 
```
